John Ellis: Before we,
John Ellis: Before we go into our, our next session, go ahead and go up here, pull up the, the schedule.
John Ellis: Let's see where we are.
John Ellis: Okay, great.
John Ellis: Yes, we are due for a coffee break. Perfect timing. When we come back.
John Ellis: We are either going to talk about the psychology of human-AI collaboration, or we're going to talk about agents in action.
John Ellis: We'll see. See you in 15 minutes.
John Ellis: Okay.
John Ellis: Absolutely, absolutely.
John Ellis: It's journey.
John Ellis: et cetera.
John Ellis: Oh, really? Yeah, exactly. Yeah, there's, oh my god, well, welcome! She got there a year. So you're in Vanderbilt, or are you, working in town? No, I mean… Oh, okay, great.
John Ellis: So right now, it is up.
John Ellis: Fantastic. Yes, I mean… Yep. Skills on the difference.
John Ellis: But, obviously, we're not… No, absolutely. Yeah.
John Ellis: I'll do it as a Florida unit.
John Ellis: Great, well, so I'm so glad you're here. Yeah, no, this is great. No, that's hilarious.
John Ellis: That's all clear, it's awesome.
John Ellis: Really? Well, this… That's really funny. Yeah, yeah, I want to know.
John Ellis: Yes, it's exactly what it was. Yep.
John Ellis: That's it. That's it, that's it, that's it.
John Ellis: Yeah, I know.
John Ellis: Idaho.
John Ellis: Yes.
John Ellis: It's very interesting to see the market right now.
John Ellis: There, so we've also been assigned to that new.
John Ellis: Except for the people that we have to…
John Ellis: So, yeah, so I would solve that one?
John Ellis: Okay, that's fine enough, we'll get a bigger raw piece of it. Exactly, that's right. Yeah, I'm gonna get something else to, yes. Oh, good morning.
John Ellis: Excuse me.
John Ellis: You know, what about
John Ellis: This is so important.
John Ellis: And I text my agent, hey, can you look at this, right?
John Ellis: If they don't obviously my own being absent.
John Ellis: This thing's gonna do all in this movie.
John Ellis: Thank you.
John Ellis: It's interesting to learn with Vietnamese.
John Ellis: Yes, he is.
John Ellis: Oh, you were there! You could buy it! Yes, they're great.
John Ellis: practice in Korea.
John Ellis: No, give her a CS, not a CA database. Yeah, so I'll probably get some data.
John Ellis: was to actually do a million, so that was peer, so… So I felt that…
John Ellis: Yeah, yeah, no, that was good. Yeah, she reached out to me.
John Ellis: Perfect House, St. Louis, Catalia.
John Ellis: Yeah, 10.
John Ellis: Okay.
John Ellis: You did? Okay.